covert migrate to okta guide to single page guides (#2893)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/migrate-to-okta-bulk/main/index.md

---
title: Bulk migration with credentials
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Perform a bulk migration of users into Okta using the Okta API
layout: Guides
---

> As part of your plan and preparation to migrate your users to Okta, you gathered your source data into an intermediate staging area such as a secure local database or a CSV file. This guide shows you how to use that data to create users and groups in Okta using the [Okta Users API](/docs/reference/api/users/) and the [Okta Groups API](/docs/reference/api/groups/).

Reviewer: Lots of "use" in one sentence :)

```suggestion
As part of your plan and preparation to migrate your users to Okta, you gathered your source data into an intermediate staging area such as a secure local database or a CSV file. This guide shows you how to use that data to create users and groups in Okta with the [Okta Users API](/docs/reference/api/users/) and the [Okta Groups API](/docs/reference/api/groups/).
```

---

**Learning outcomes**

> Perform a bulk migration of users into Okta using the Okta API.

Reviewer: There is more than one API they can use, but they don't use all of the Okta APIs.
```suggestion
Perform a bulk migration of users into Okta using Okta APIs.
```

**What you need**

* An Okta developer org. (Don’t have one? [Create an org for free.](https://developer.okta.com/signup))
* Postman client to run API requests. See [Use Postman with the Okta REST APIs](https://developer.okta.com/code/rest/) for information on setting up Postman.
* Example or test source data to test user and group creation requests. (Do not use real user data when testing!)
* [A plan for migrating existing users to Okta](/docs/guides/migrate-to-okta-prerequisites/).

---

> 

Reviewer: Does this guide merit a "Sample code" section here? I think that devs might appreciate knowing where to find the request code on the page.
